the main nucleus of the novel gabriela
Brazil aabb with emphasis in brazil she goes
make up to 1
of fish
ai k arrested shirt 7
the 11- minute mark in this game
second half and the score are São Paulo already
who are in bernardo do campo
stolen ball of smart mindful kid
in marking the metallic paint by
to resume the IBGE has already threw a ball in
depth for speed for the
gabriel's run
the back of the weighing criciúma that has fábbio
ferreira nunes cruzeiro on the other
gabriel betting races left in front
was the big clash you can pay in
October high and indeed for
luiz goalkeeper goes high in the angle
right 200 opening the scoring at 11min
of game the tension of gabriel side
garrigou gabriel gago created great
slave slave they gabriel andré or
existing tones opened the score against
the criciúma that is in great brotherhood
your gabriel side to make the fan of
Kiss a lot happier here bc already there
inside can play ball is bad
the band continued on the scoreboard of the globe to
home in the Brazilian championship now with
zero issue on the agenda a serious and someone
suggested
the steering wheel rodrigo souto do criciúma
volpi or stay smart stated that
stole the ball slapped Gabriel and
speed with the left leg
indefensible for luís gabriel martins
of the Saints of the year marks the third goal
in the Brazilian championship and the first
santos here in são bernardo gabriel 11
to the center 0 for the criciúma already with
11 on the way out the cheese and juliana
Cabral, but I still did not speak
whistles the double fable
hide the first cut of gabriel
the two almost hit the head
priscila give the counterattack to the
Saints in a deadly counter attack
everything is escaping from the marking of the zezinho
for Gabriel almost entered the mouth of the
project
the kiss nigger Tiago Cardoso
17 minutes of play is not always the
time plays the part to protect from the
other the robbery of long ball thief of
long ball for school in speed
won the session race at the bank for
right-tipped ball
gabriel and the google tour and tour
that if gabriel left diego cardoso
in the face I will enter the small area
face to face with the goalkeeper luiz in
day we a bmt deep debate face to
face with her do not forgive the fish's goal
play the first bowl long after
gabriel assistance and the finalization with
tranquility diego cardoso diego 14 o
30 shirt crime was slave him
graham diego wrote great fish
Santos is already 2 to 0 here in São Bernardo
You can cry now, do not die.
comes to hit check score took the
score for the Brazilian championship now
who are Bernardo that the past was not
anything
The name of the link and one
01 roberto iotti served what to play
corals can be heard once more
he whistles the hoop and steals the ball like
happened in the first bid of the first
goal playing for gabriel of the first one
perfect pass to disclose from the south
just record for the goal
the saints goes the criciúma apple game
cardozo 2 for fish 0 for criciúma
is the julian cabral 2 to 0 and already with 19
games the saints with two of advantage in the
score torino
If I told you, I caught palm beating here.
pro santos goal santos s goal
one more steal of the ball
gabriel's beautiful pass and the
tranquility request to face 12 in
to finish now is the second against
attack that Criciuma w saints with
first goal did not change the
arouca the mark very strong route this
ball and distributes very well
second to contract two goals the criciúma
gives what the saints like and
does very well